Checksum Reset via Env Variable (#5105)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/developers/checksum.rst

   git add <test name>.json
   git commit -m "reset benchmark for <test name> because ..." --author="Tools <warpx@lbl.gov>"

Automated reset of a list of test benchmarks
--------------------------------------------

> You can set the environment variable ``export CHECKSUM_RESET=ON`` before running analysis scripts / test that verify checksums - in that case, the analysis will instead reset to the new values.

Reviewer: Possible alternative phrasing:
```suggestion
If you set the environment variable ``export CHECKSUM_RESET=ON`` before running tests that are compared against existing benchmarks, the test analysis will reset the benchmarks to the new values, skipping the comparison.
```
